In this lesson, we will learn different ways of
converting text in financial statements into
quantitative data so that they may be used as input for developing trading strategies.
We will mainly focus on three frequently used metrics for financial analysis.
The first one, readability.
How easy is the text for reading.
The second, sentiments.
How positive or negative the text is.
And the third one, similarity.
That describes changes of periodic documents over time.
In the next three lessons,
we'll we'll take a look at each of these items individually,
and you will implement your own Python code to
compute these variables on real 10-K documents.
Are you ready? Let's get started.